Update the homepage to new standard (#143)
canonical/content-cache-operator: docs/index.rst

.. meta::
   :description: Discover the .. meta::

>    :description: Discover the content cache charm, a Juju operator that deploys and manages NGINX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. meta::
   :description: Discover the content cache charm, a Juju operator that deploys and manages NGINX.
```

.. vale Canonical.007-Headings-sentence-case = NO

.. _index:

> Content cache operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content cache operators
```
nit, since there are multiple charms in this project

========================

.. vale Canonical.007-Headings-sentence-case = YES

A `Juju <https://juju.is/>`_ `charm <https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/3.6/reference/charm/>`_
deploying and managing a static web content cache with NGINX on VMs. 

> This machine charm manages a NGINX instance configured as a content cache. The configuration for the locations of cache is managed with the [Content Cache Backends Config subordinate charm](https://charmhub.io/content-cache-backends-config). Each Content Cache Backends Config charm stores the configuration for a location and the associated set of backends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This machine charm manages a NGINX instance configured as a content cache. The configuration for the locations of cache is managed with the `Content Cache Backends Config subordinate charm <https://charmhub.io/content-cache-backends-config>`_. Each Content Cache Backends Config charm stores the configuration for a location and the associated set of backends.
```

> This charm should be used for caching static web content. When a client makes a request, this charm checks if the requested content is cached and valid. If not this charm will query the backends hosts for the content to refresh the cache. This process works well for static content that does not change based on the client. For these type of content, the cache can greatly reduce the load on the backend hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This charm should be used for caching static web content. When a client makes a request, this charm checks if the requested content is cached and valid. For an invalid cache, this charm will query the backends hosts for the content to refresh the cache. This process works well for static content that does not change based on the client. For this type of content, the cache can greatly reduce the load on the backend hosts.
```
nits

Like any Juju charm, this charm supports one-line deployment, configuration, integration,
scaling, and more. 
For content cache charm, this includes:

- Support for multiple backends via the Content Cache Backends Config subordinate charm.
- Support for HTTPS.
- Observability with COS.

The charm simplifies the operation of an NGINX server as a static web content cache. This makes the charm suitable for users looking for a low maintenance way to reduce load on static websites.

In this documentation
---------------------

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 0

    * - Get started

>       - :ref:`Guided tutorial <tutorial_index>`

Reviewer: Since the tutorial is outdated and no longer reflects a working deployment, I'm ejecting the tutorial here: https://github.com/canonical/content-cache-operator/pull/144 

I recommend removing this row for now, and we can add the row back once we publish the new tutorial.

    * - Deployment
      - :ref:`Enable COS <how_to_enable_cos>`
    * - Operations
      - :ref:`Upgrade <how_to_upgrade>`
    * - Product-specific feature

>       - :ref:`Connect to HTTPS backends <how_to_enable_https>`

Reviewer: I think we should rename the row to something specific to the charms. What feature are you highlighting here? An idea I have is that we rename the row to something like `Static caching` and move the "Caching behavior" explanation page into the row.

Another option is to remove this row entirely and place this guide under "Security". 

WDYT?

    * - Design
      - :ref:`Caching behavior <explanation_caching_behavior>` | :ref:`Charm design <explanation_charm_design>` | :ref:`Components <reference_components>`
    * - Security
      - :ref:`Overview <explanation_security>`

How this documentation is organized
------------------------------------

This documentation uses the `Diátaxis documentation structure <https://diataxis.fr/>`_.

- The :ref:`Tutorial <tutorial_index>` takes you step-by-step through a basic deployment of the content cache charm.
- :ref:`How-to guides <how_to_index>` assume you have basic familiarity with the content cache charm. Learn more about setting up, using, maintaining, and contributing to this charm.
- :ref:`Reference <reference_index>` provides a guide to actions, configurations, relations, and other technical details.
- :ref:`Explanation <explanation_index>` includes topic overviews, background and context and detailed discussion.

> - :ref:`Release notes <changelog>` holds all the release notes for the charm, including any system or upgrade requirements.

Reviewer: A changelog is not a substitute for release notes. I suggest updating this line to:
```suggestion
- The :ref:`changelog <changelog>` holds all the user-relevant changes for the project.
```

Contributing to this documentation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Documentation is an important part of this project, and we take the same open-source approach
to the documentation as the code. As such, we welcome community contributions, suggestions, and
constructive feedback on our documentation.
See :ref:`How to contribute <how_to_contribute>` for more information.

If there's a particular area of documentation that you'd like to see that's missing, please 
`file a bug <https://github.com/canonical/content-cache-operator/issues>`_.

Project and community
---------------------

The content cache charm is a member of the Ubuntu family. It's an open-source project that warmly welcomes community 
projects, contributions, suggestions, fixes, and constructive feedback.

Governance and policies
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- `Code of conduct <https://ubuntu.com/community/code-of-conduct>`_

Get involved
^^^^^^^^^^^^

- `Get support <https://discourse.charmhub.io/>`_
- `Join our online chat <https://matrix.to/#/#charmhub-charmdev:ubuntu.com>`_
- :ref:`Contribute <how_to_contribute>`

Releases
^^^^^^^^

> - :ref:`Release notes <changelog>`

Reviewer: I recommend removing this section for now (we can always add it back if we start publishing release notes)

Reviewer: I'm very sorry for the confusion, the changelog still needs to be referenced in one of the project's toctrees, otherwise RTD will not be able to build the project. 

I pushed a change to your PR to add the changelog back to the index.rst toctree. I think we should still publish the changelog in the RTD site, but I don't think we should refer to it as release notes.

Thinking about using the content cache charm for your next project?
`Get in touch <https://matrix.to/#/#charmhub-charmdev:ubuntu.com>`_!

.. vale Canonical.013-Spell-out-numbers-below-10 = NO
.. vale Canonical.500-Repeated-words = NO

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :maxdepth: 1

    Tutorial <tutorial/index>
    How-to guides <how-to/index>
    Reference <reference/index>
    Explanation <explanation/index>

>     Release notes <changelog>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Changelog <changelog>
```

Like any Juju charm, this charm supports one-line deployment, configuration, integration,
scaling, and more. 
For content cache charm, this includes:

- Support for multiple backends via the Content Cache Backends Config subordinate charm.
- Support for HTTPS.
- Observability with COS.

The charm simplifies the operation of an NGINX server as a static web content cache. This makes the charm suitable for users looking for a low maintenance way to reduce load on static websites.

In this documentation
---------------------

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 0

    * - Deployment
      - :ref:`Enable COS <how_to_enable_cos>`
    * - Operations
      - :ref:`Upgrade <how_to_upgrade>`
    * - Design
      - :ref:`Caching behavior <explanation_caching_behavior>` | :ref:`Charm design <explanation_charm_design>` | :ref:`Components <reference_components>`
    * - Security

>       - :ref:`Overview <explanation_security>` | :ref:`Connect to HTTPS backends <how_to_enable_https>`

Reviewer: Hi @florentianayuwono , do you expect that we will add more how-to guides as part of the PS7 readiness efforts for content-cache? I'm ultimately wondering whether we should combine the Deployment and Operations rows, but if you anticipate more how-to guides, then we can leave the table alone.

I only see one remaining Jira ticket for a how-to guide (which is about cache coordination/synchronization, which IIRC may not be relevant anymore).

Reviewer 2: i foresee that there will probably be a "how to configure" guide, but that's about it. thank you!

Reviewer: Thanks for the additional context! In that case, I think we should combine the two rows. I have two ideas which I'll leave below, but I'm open to other ideas and suggestions!

```suggestion
.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 0

    * - **Operations**
      - :ref:`Enable COS <how_to_enable_cos>` | :ref:`Upgrade <how_to_upgrade>`
    * - **Design**
      - :ref:`Caching behavior <explanation_caching_behavior>` | :ref:`Charm design <explanation_charm_design>` | :ref:`Components <reference_components>`
    * - **Security**
      - :ref:`Overview <explanation_security>` | :ref:`Connect to HTTPS backends <how_to_enable_https>`
```
or
```suggestion
.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 0

    * - **Deployment and operations**
      - :ref:`Enable COS <how_to_enable_cos>` | :ref:`Upgrade <how_to_upgrade>`
    * - **Design**
      - :ref:`Caching behavior <explanation_caching_behavior>` | :ref:`Charm design <explanation_charm_design>` | :ref:`Components <reference_components>`
    * - **Security**
      - :ref:`Overview <explanation_security>` | :ref:`Connect to HTTPS backends <how_to_enable_https>`
```
EDIT: I also added some bold formatting
